a 33 year old woman has been arrested
after stabbing two pilots and
threatening to blow up a plane at
christchurch airport today the woman
attacked the pilots aboard the nineteen
seat Beechcraft aircraft at about 740
a.m. today as it flew into christ church
from blenheim reporter john harteveldt
talked to Wayne Johnstone who witnessed
the arrest well I didn't see anything at
first because I was I certainly waiting
for my flight but yeah then the widest
in dementia that hizbullah drama so he
looked out the side window and saw with
the police
swimming in on the plane and how many
police would say they were around the
plane maybe half dozen or so at this
stage any city was a Slifer on the
tarmac yeah yeah go out of the dressed
in black man with atomic running the
plane up and yeah and it later on some
more more police ruled resting and Blake
turned up but most initial guys sort of
cleared the plane out got everybody
laying down and took away with quite a
woman if a dog on my looks of things
yeah yeah and then a few months later
they taken was bummed out by police yep
yeah and what do they do oh they
appeared together on the on the ground
there and searching her and they headed
down for quite a while Alicia struggling
I didn't appear to be struggling too
much the head if they have a pretty good
hold of it she also claimed to have two
bombs in her baggage the injured pilots
managed to lock the woman out of the
cockpit in landed the aircraft safely at
806 saying the stair pilots were able to
walk off the plane and were rushed to
hospital none of the six other
passengers aboard were harmed
superintendent Dave cliff said the woman
was in custody within five minutes a
knife was found on her and another on
the tarmac the airport was evacuated and
flight suspended causing chaos for
thousands of passengers with dozens of
flights delayed as the airport was
closed for more than two hours